Update RELEASING.md (#4274)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: RELEASING.md

      (otherwise the workflow will pick up the version from `main` and just remove the `.dev` suffix).
  * Review the two pull requests that it creates.
    (one is targeted to the release branch and one is targeted to `main`).
    * The builds will fail for both the `main` and release pr because of validation rules. Follow the [release workflow](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/blob/main/RELEASING.md) for the contrib repo up until this same point.
    * Change the CONTRIB_REPO_SHA of core PRs to point to their counterpart in contrib.

>     * Change the CORE_REPO_SHA of contrib PRs to point to their counterpart in core.

Reviewer: Discussed offline, we could just set the release branch name in the "Create release branch" workflow. Then they never have to change. It's not perfect because it's a "moving target" vs SHA but less toilsome

Reviewer: I'm OK to address this later and get this PR in

      (otherwise the workflow will pick up the version from `main` and just remove the `.dev` suffix).
  * Review the two pull requests that it creates.
    (one is targeted to the release branch and one is targeted to `main`).

>     * The builds will fail for both the `main` and release pr because of validation rules. Follow the [release workflow](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/blob/main/RELEASING.md) for the contrib repo up until this same point. Change the SHAs of each PR to point at each other to get the `main` and release builds to pass.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The builds will fail for both the `main` and release pr because of validation rules. Follow the [release workflow](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/blob/main/RELEASING.md) for the contrib repo up until this same point.
    * Change the CONTRIB_REPO_SHA of core PRs and CORE_REPO_SHA of contrib PRs to point at each other to get the `main` and release builds to pass.
```

  * Press the "Run workflow" button, then select the release branch from the dropdown list,
    e.g. `release/v1.9.x`, and click the "Run workflow" button below that.
  * This workflow will publish the artifacts and publish a GitHub release with release notes based on the change log.
  * Verify that a new [Github release](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/releases) has been created and that the CHANGELOGs look correct.

## After the release

* Check PyPI
  * This should be handled automatically on release by the [publish action](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/blob/main/.github/workflows/release.yml).
  * Check the [action logs](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/actions?query=workflow%3APublish) to make sure packages have been uploaded to PyPI
  * Check the release history (e.g. https://pypi.org/project/opentelemetry-api/#history) on PyPI
  * If for some reason the action failed, see [Publish failed](#publish-failed) below
* Move stable tag
  * Run the following (TODO automate):
    ```bash
    git tag -d stable
    git tag stable
    git push --delete origin tagname
    git push origin stable
    ```

>   * This will ensure that READTHEDOCs for core are pointing at the stable release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * This will ensure that READTHEDOCS for core are pointing at the stable release.
```
